{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Consolas;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red127\green0\blue85;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue192;\red63\green127\blue95;\red127\green159\blue191;\red42\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\b import\cf2\b0  java.util.concurrent.TimeUnit;\cf0\par
\par
\cf1\b import\cf2\b0  org.openqa.selenium.By;\cf0\par
\cf1\b import\cf2\b0  org.openqa.selenium.WebDriver;\cf0\par
\cf1\b import\cf2\b0  org.openqa.selenium.firefox.FirefoxDriver;\cf0\par
\par
\par
\cf1\b public\cf2\b0  \cf1\b class\cf2\b0  Q2_Sir \{\cf0\par
\par
\cf2\tab\cf1\b public\cf2\b0  \cf1\b static\cf2\b0  WebDriver \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 ;\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\cf1\b static\cf2\b0  String \cf3\i baseUrl\cf2\i0 ;\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\cf1\b public\cf2\b0  \cf1\b static\cf2\b0  \cf1\b void\cf2\b0  main(String[] args) \{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\cf4 // \cf5\b TODO\cf4\b0  Auto-generated method stub\cf0\par
\par
\cf2\tab     \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0  = \cf1\b new\cf2\b0  FirefoxDriver();\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \cf3\i baseUrl\cf2\i0  = \cf6 "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://demo.opencart.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf7 https://demo.opencart.com/}}}\f0\fs20 "\cf2 ;\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .get(\cf3\i baseUrl\cf2\i0  + \cf6 "/"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .manage().timeouts().implicitlyWait(10, TimeUnit.\cf3\i SECONDS\cf2\i0 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab   \cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \cf4 //\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i xpath\i0 (\cf6 "(//button[@type='button'])[5]"\cf2 )).click();\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \cf1\b if\cf2\b0 (\cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i cssSelector\i0 (\cf6 "p.text-center"\cf2 )).getText().contentEquals(\cf6 "Your shopping cart is empty!"\cf2 ))\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \tab System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Shopping Cart Empty Verified"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \tab\cf1\b else\cf0\b0\par
\cf2\tab     \tab\{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \tab System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Error:Shopping Cart Empty Validation Failed"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \tab\}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \cf4 //click on Contact Us Symbol\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i cssSelector\i0 (\cf6 "i.fa.fa-phone"\cf2 )).click();\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \cf1\b if\cf2\b0 (\cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i cssSelector\i0 (\cf6 "#content > h1"\cf2 )).getText().contentEquals(\cf6 "Contact Us"\cf2 ))\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \tab System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Contact US Heading Verified"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \tab\cf1\b else\cf0\b0\par
\cf2\tab     \tab\{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \tab System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Error:Contact US Heading Validation Failed"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \tab\}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab     \cf4 //\cf0\par
\cf2\tab    \cf1\b if\cf2\b0 (\cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i xpath\i0 (\cf6 "//div[@id='content']/div/div/div/div[2]/strong"\cf2 )).getText().contentEquals(\cf6 "Telephone"\cf2 ))\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \tab System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Telephone Verified"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \cf1\b else\cf0\b0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \tab System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Telephone Validation Failed"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab    \cf4 //\cf0\par
\cf2\tab    \cf1\b if\cf2\b0 (\cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i xpath\i0 (\cf6 "//div[@id='content']/div/div/div/div[2]"\cf2 )).getText().contentEquals(\cf6 "Telephone\\n123456789"\cf2 ))\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab    System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Telephone Number Verified"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab  \}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\cf1\b else\cf0\b0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Error:Telephone Number Validation Failed"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab    \cf0\par
\par
\cf2\tab    \cf0\par
\cf2\tab    \tab\tab\cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i id\i0 (\cf6 "input-name"\cf2 )).clear();\cf0\par
\cf2\tab    \tab\tab\cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i id\i0 (\cf6 "input-name"\cf2 )).sendKeys(\cf6 "Krishna"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab    \tab\tab\cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i id\i0 (\cf6 "input-email"\cf2 )).clear();\cf0\par
\cf2\tab    \tab\tab\cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i id\i0 (\cf6 "input-email"\cf2 )).sendKeys(\cf6 "adad.com"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab    \tab\tab\cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i cssSelector\i0 (\cf6 "input.btn.btn-primary"\cf2 )).click();\cf0\par
\par
\cf2\tab\tab    \cf1\b if\cf2\b0 (\cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i xpath\i0 (\cf6 ".//*[@id='content']/form/fieldset/div[2]/div/div"\cf2 )).getText().contentEquals(\cf6 "E-Mail Address does not appear to be valid!"\cf2 ))\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab    System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "InValid Email Validation Verified"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab  \}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\cf1\b else\cf0\b0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Error:InValid Email Validation Failed"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\}\cf0\par
\par
\cf2\tab\tab    \cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i id\i0 (\cf6 "input-email"\cf2 )).clear();\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i id\i0 (\cf6 "input-email"\cf2 )).sendKeys(\cf6 "krishnakanth24@live.com"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i id\i0 (\cf6 "input-enquiry"\cf2 )).clear();\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i id\i0 (\cf6 "input-enquiry"\cf2 )).sendKeys(\cf6 "This is capgem testing"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i cssSelector\i0 (\cf6 "input.btn.btn-primary"\cf2 )).click();\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i linkText\i0 (\cf6 "Continue"\cf2 )).click();\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i linkText\i0 (\cf6 "Brands"\cf2 )).click();\cf0\par
\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab    \cf1\b if\cf2\b0 (\cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i cssSelector\i0 (\cf6 "#content > h1"\cf2 )).getText().contentEquals(\cf6 "Find Your Favorite Brand"\cf2 ))\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab    System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Find Your Brand Heading Verified"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab  \}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\cf1\b else\cf0\b0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Find Your Brand Heading Failed"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab   \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i linkText\i0 (\cf6 "Sony"\cf2 )).click();\cf0\par
\par
\cf2\tab\tab    \cf1\b if\cf2\b0 (\cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i cssSelector\i0 (\cf6 "p.price"\cf2 )).getText().contentEquals(\cf6 "$1,202.00\\nEx Tax: $1,000.00"\cf2 ))\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab    System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Price Verified"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab  \}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\cf1\b else\cf0\b0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Price Verification Failed"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i cssSelector\i0 (\cf6 "p.price"\cf2 )).getText());\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i cssSelector\i0 (\cf6 "div.button-group > button[type=\\"button\\"]"\cf2 )).click();\cf0\par
\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \cf1\b try\cf2\b0  \{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab Thread.\i sleep\i0 (3000);\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab    \cf1\b if\cf2\b0 (\cf3\i driver\cf2\i0 .findElement(By.\i xpath\i0 (\cf6 "//div[@id='product-manufacturer']/div"\cf2 )).getText().contentEquals(\cf6 "Success: You have added Sony VAIO to your shopping cart!\\n\f1\'d7\f0 "\cf2 ))\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab    System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Product Added Validation Verified"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab  \}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\cf1\b else\cf0\b0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab System.\cf3\i out\cf2\i0 .println(\cf6 "Product Added Validation Failed"\cf2 );\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\} \cf1\b catch\cf2\b0  (InterruptedException e) \{\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab\cf4 // \cf5\b TODO\cf4\b0  Auto-generated catch block\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\tab e.printStackTrace();\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab\tab\}\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\tab     \cf4 //System.out.println(driver.findElement(By.xpath("//\ul div\ulnone [@id='product-manufacturer']/\ul div\ulnone ")).getText());\cf0\par
\cf2\tab\}\cf0\par
\cf2\}\cf0\par
\f2\fs22\par
}
 